Fix and improve sampler (#187)
kokkos/kokkos-tools: common/kokkos-sampler/README.md

> This is a sampler utility that is intended to complement other tools in the Kokkos Tools set. This utility allows for sampling (rather than collecting) of profiling or debugging data gathered from a particular tool of the Kokkos Tools set. The Kokkos Tools user provides asampling rate via the environment variable KOKKOS_TOOLS_SAMPLER_SKIP.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sampler utility that is intended to complement other tools in the Kokkos Tools set. This utility allows for sampling (rather than collecting) of profiling or debugging data gathered from a particular tool of the Kokkos Tools set. The Kokkos Tools user provides a sampling rate via the environment variable KOKKOS_TOOLS_SAMPLER_SKIP.  
```

> Tool fencing - which ensures state of sampled profiling and logging data in memory is captured at the time of the callback invocation - is important to control for performance of this utility while also ensuring accurate data. This utility handles this. 
> However, turning on tool fencing for this to work is necessary for this to work. Turn on this fencing by setting the environment variable `KOKKOS_TOOLS_GLOBALFENCES` to be `1`. 

Reviewer: I find this very confusing to read. Maybe,
```suggestion
In order for the state of the sampled profiling and logging data in memory to be captured at the time of the utility's callback invocation, it might be important to enforce fences. However, this also means that there are more synchronization points compared with running the program without the tool.
This fencing behavior can be controlled by setting the environment variable `KOKKOS_TOOLS_GLOBALFENCES`. A non-zero value implies global fences on invocation of the tool. The default is not to introduce extra fences.	
```
?

Author: Thanks for those suggestions, and I can see where it is confusing. One question: why _might_ enforcing [global/tool-induced]fences be important at the point at which the tool callback is invoked? In what situation is not enforcing global/tool-induced fencing needed? (One is precisely on a callback invocation for which data gathering is skipped due to sampling). Do you think that the word 'might' introduces ambiguity? Can that word _might_ be _is_?

> In order for the state of the sampled profiling and logging data in memory to be captured at the time of the utility's callback invocation, it might be important to enforce fences.

Reviewer: > Thanks for those suggestions, and I can see where it is confusing. One question: why _might_ enforcing [global/tool-induced]fences be important at the point at which the tool callback is invoked? In what situation is not enforcing global/tool-induced fencing needed? (One is precisely on a callback invocation for which data gathering is skipped due to sampling). Do you think that the word 'might' introduces ambiguity? Can that word _might_ be _is_?

If we say "is", I would expect that (extra) fences are always used.

Author: OK, I think having the word _is_ this is fine as it is. 

For grammar, I would just change this 
>> it might be important to enforce fences.

to 

>  enforcing fences might be important.

If there are any other comments or clarifications on the tool utility purpose and functionality, let me know. Otherwise, LGTM.
